{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1046{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.14393}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang22 Home\par
Environmental solutions\par
\par
\par
Projects Development\par
\par
\par
About Us\par
\par
cilene@wba10.com\par
\par
alexandre@wba10.com\par
\par
bond@wba10.com\par
\par
fabio@wba10.com\par
\par
sady@wba10.com\par
\par
Rua Alexandre de Gusm\'e3o 175 Curitiba- Paran\'e1 CEP 82530-050\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Projects\par
Recycling is a process to convert waste materials into new products to prevent waste of potentially useful materials, reduce the consumption of fresh raw materials, reduce energy usage, reduce air pollution (from incineration) and water pollution (from landfilling) by reducing the need for \ldblquote conventional\rdblquote  waste disposal and lower greenhouse gas emissions as compared to plastic production Recycling is a key component of modern waste reduction and is the third component of the Reduce, Reuse and Recycle. Recyclable materials include many kinds of glass, paper, metal, plastic, textiles and electronics. The composting or other reuse of biodegradable waste \f1\emdash such as food for garden waste\emdash is also considered recycling. Materials to be recycled are either brought to a collection center or picked up from the curbside, then sorted, cleaned and reprocessed into new materials destined for manufacturing. In the strictest sense, recycling of a material would produce a fresh supply of the same material\emdash for example, used office paper would be converted into new office paper, or used polystyrene foam into new polystyrene. However, this is often difficult or too expensive (compared with producing the same product from raw materials or other sources), so \ldblquote recycling\rdblquote  of many products or materials involves their reuse in producing different materials (for example, paperboard) instead. Another form of recycling is the salvage of certain materials from complex products, either due to their intrinsic value (such as lead from car batteries, or gold from circuit boards), or due to their hazardous nature (e.g., removal and reuse of mercury from thermometers and thermostats).\par
\par
Urban Waste\par
\par
Zero Waste is a philosophy that encourages the redesign of resource life cycles so that all products are reused. No trash is sent to landfills and incinerations. The process recommended is one similar to the way that resources are reused in nature. The internationally recognized definition of ZERO WASTE adopted by the Zero Waste International Alliance is: \ldblquote Zero Waste is a goal that is ethical, economical, efficient and visionary, to guide people in changing their lifestyles and practices to emulate sustainable natural cycles, where all discarded materials are designed to become resources for others to use. Zero Waste means designing and managing products and processes to systematically avoid and eliminate the volume and toxicity of waste and materials, conserve and recover all resources, and not burn or bury them. Implementing Zero Waste will eliminate all discharges to land, water or air that are a threat to planetary, human, animal or plant health\rdblquote  Zero Waste refers to waste management and planning approaches which emphasize waste prevention as opposed to end of pipe waste management. It is a whole systems approach that aims for a massive change in the way materials flow through society, resulting in no waste . Zero waste encompasses more than eliminating waste through recycling and reuse, it focuses on restructuring production and distribution systems to reduce waste. Zero waste is more of a goal or ideal rather than a hard target. Zero Waste provides guiding principles for continually working towards eliminating wastes.\par
\par
Eliminating waste from the outset requires heavy involvement primarily from industry and government since they are presented with more advantages than individuals. Zero waste will not be possible without significant efforts and actions from industry and government. Industry has control over product and packaging design, manufacturing processes, and material selection. Governments have the ability to form policy and provide subsidies for better product manufacturing, design and the ability to develop and adopt comprehensive waste management strategies which can eliminate waste rather than just manage it. Zero waste can represent an economical alternative to waste systems, where new resources are continually required to replenish wasted raw materials. It can also represent an environmental alternative to waste since waste represents a significant amount of pollution in the world. Zero Waste International Alliance has been established to promote positive alternatives to landfill and incineration and to raise community awareness of the social and economic benefits to be gained when waste is regarded as a resource base upon which can be built both employment and business opportunity. Zero Waste Hierarchy describes a progression of policies and strategies to support the Zero Waste system, from highest and best to lowest use of materials. It is designed to be applicable to all audiences, from policy-makers to industry and the individual. It aims to provide more depth to the internationally recognized 3Rs (Reduce, Reuse, Recycle); to encourage policy, activity and investment at the top of the hierarchy; and to provide a guide for those who wish to develop systems or products that move us closer to Zero Waste. It enhances the Zero Waste definition by providing guidance for planning and a way to evaluate proposed solutions.\par
\par
All over the world, in some form or another, a pollution prevention hierarchy is incorporated into recycling regulations, solid waste management plans, and resource conservation programs. In Canada, a pollution prevention hierarchy otherwise referred to as the Environmental Protection Hierarchy was adopted. This Hierarchy has been incorporated into all recycling regulations within Canada and is embedded within all resource conservation methods which all government mandated waste prevention programs follow. While the intention to incorporate the 4th R (recovery) prior to disposal was good, many organizations focused on this 4th R instead of the top of the hierarchy resulting in costly systems designed to destroy materials instead of systems designed to reduce environmental impact and waste. Because of this, along with other resource destruction systems that have been emerging over the past few decades, Zero Waste Canada along with the Zero Waste International Alliance have adopted the only internationally peer reviewed Zero Waste Hierarchy that focuses on the first 3Rs; Reduce, Reuse and Recycle including Compost Waste minimization is a process of elimination that involves reducing the amount of waste produced in society and helps eliminate the generation of harmful and persistent wastes, supporting the efforts to promote a more sustainable society. Waste minimization involves redesigning products and/or changing societal patterns, concerning consumption and production, of waste generation, to prevent the creation of waste. The most environmentally resourceful, economically efficient, and cost effective way to manage waste is to not have to address the problem in the first place. Waste minimization should be seen as a primary focus for most waste management strategies. Proper waste management can require a significant amount of time and resources; therefore, it is important to understand the benefits of waste minimization and how it can be implemented in all sectors of the economy, in an effective, safe and sustainable manner.\par
\par
The basic concept behind waste management is the waste hierarchy, where the most effective approaches to managing waste are at the top. Waste management is in contrast to waste minimization. Waste management focuses on processing waste after it is created, concentrating on re-use, recycling, and waste-to-energy conversion rather than eliminating the creation of waste in the initial phases of production. Waste minimization involves efforts to minimize resource and energy use during manufacture. For the same commercial output, usually the less materials are used, the less waste is produced. Waste minimization usually requires knowledge of the production process, cradle \endash to-grave analysis (the tracking of materials from their extraction to their return to earth) and detailed knowledge of the composition of the waste. The main sources of waste vary from country to country.\par
\par
Waste Treatment technologies\par
\par
Incineration\par
Landfill\par
Recycling\par
Windrow composting\par
Alternative Waste Treatment\par
\par
Advanced waste treatment technologies, even though these technologies are not necessarily more complex than the established technologies.\par
\par
Anaerobic digestion\par
Alcohol/ethanol production\par
Bioconversion \endash  biomass to fuels\par
Biodrying\par
Gasification\par
GasPlasma: Gasification/SYNGAS\par
In-vessel composting\par
Mechanical biological treatment\par
Mechanical heat treatment\par
Plasma arc waste disposal\par
Pyrolysis\par
Refuse-derived fuel\par
Sewage treatment\par
Tunnel composting\par
Waste autoclave\par
Bioethanol\par
Biodiesel\par
Waste-to-energy\par
\par
About\par
The city of Curitiba, in southern Brazil, is famous among urban planners for its innovation and rational development, with a reputation for being livable and very sustainable. It was one of the first cities to market itself as \ldblquote green\rdblquote  in a 1980s advertising campaign. \u8203?Our director Sady Ricardo dos Santos Neto, supported by his father, while Deputy Mayor of Curitiba, approved the first waste sorting project, which involved separating organic from non-organic and hospital waste as well.\u8203?\par
Curitiba is blessed with around 400 square kilometers of public parks or forest space. That is more than 50 square meters per inhabitant. According to some measures, it emits 25 percent less carbon per capita than most Brazilian cities, even though more people own cars here. Curitiba has also spearheaded programs that encourage residents to keep their streets clean and recycle, by offering them food in exchange for their waste. Still, the city landfill is expected to overflow this year and it is no longer the Brazilian city with the greenest space. Therefore, despite the success of aggressive urban planning measures undertaken forty years ago, Curitiba must continue to update its initiatives and adapt to the times. Many Brazilians were attracted to Curitiba by the city\rquote s reputation as a functional, humane city and as a consequence its population has grown from 350,000 in the 1960s, when aggressive planning began, to 1.7 million today, with more than 3 million in the greater metropolitan area. Curitiba, just like the rest of the world, is going through changes, and now it is the time to recycle effectively, recycling waste into energy. The city found a solution for it, establishing a consortium between Curitiba and the metropolitan area cities.\par
\par
\par
During the 20th century, the human population increased rapidly, and cultural advances have been numerous. In this evolution, we have developed a consumer society, in which mass production has resulted in mass consumption, then in mass wastage.\par
\par
As this tendency is becoming more and more pronounced, we began to realize the limitations of the Earth\rquote s environmental capacity and resources. If we can adjust the consumer cycle so that what is expelled as waste today can be reused in production, we can convert the world\rquote s mountains of waste into mountains of resources. The challenge to turn each bit of waste into resources has been started. Through this process, we aim to restore the environment\rquote s vitality by putting abundant new recycled resources in our hands.\par
\par
Gasification Project\par
\par
PROCESS DESIGN BASIS\par
\par
Plant Configuration:\par
\par
high pressure fluidized bed gasifier\par
tar reforming\par
gas cooling and scrubbing\par
gas engines\par
Plant Capacity:\par
\par
biomass feed 8,000 tpd\par
power generation site/district\par
Synthetic Natural Gas10,000 tpd\par
Fuel:\par
\par
rdf pellets, thermal input 14~19,5 MJ/kg\par
9.5%~12% moisture content\par
Fuel consumption 6,000,000 tons / year\par
General:\par
\par
annual operation 8000 hours\par
technical life time >15 years\par
Plant Efficiency:\par
\par
electrical efficiency 28 % (LHV, net)\par
electrical efficiency 30% (LHV, gross)\par
overall efficiency 87% (LHV)\par
WASTE / REFUSE PROCESSING\par
\par
After crushing such bulky noncombustible objects such as household electronics, as well as wooden furniture, the waste is sorted into various categories, including steel, aluminum, combustible and noncombustible. After sorting, steel, aluminum and other reusable resources are recycled (material recycling), while combustible waste is utilized as fuel. Shredder, Pre-Shredder This machine uses two functions, impact and shearing, to crush large pieces of metal and other waste. Disc Screen The disc screen separates material particles by allowing the smaller fractions to drop through openings of controlled size. Unlike static screens, however, the disc screen continuously moves material across a series of rotating multiple toothed discs. Small particles are shaken loose, larger matter is moved on. The discs and the opening between them can be set to screen out glass, grit and ceramic material, aluminum and large fibrous matter. The high efficiency, compact design and minimum power requirements of the disc screen are ideal for resource recovery. Magnetic Separator This machine magnetically separates steel from other waste. Rotary Screen After magnetic waste has been sorted out, this machine separates crushed waste by size and sorts out combustible (which mixed with aluminum) from noncombustible waste.\par
\par
Automatic Bottle Sorting System\par
\par
Automatic bottle sorting system comprises sizing machine, aligning machine, color identification machine and clearing machine. A sizing machine divides glass bottles into large or small categories, each bottle is aligned by an aligning machine before being sent via the conveyor to a color identification machine, which sorts the bottles by color and shape. Based on the data obtained from these machines, the clearing machine uses air and sweep the bottles into cullet hoppers prepared separately for each color.\par
\par
Waste Plastic Material Separation System \endash  Multi Sorter The plastic differentiation sensor uses a contactless near-infrared ray reflection and absorption analysis system. Waste plastics are categorized as polyvinyl chloride and other types. This system can be applied to remove PVC from other plastics destined for RDF production.\par
\par
Air Density Separator (ADS) The air density separator uses a vacuum system to separate rocks, knots, and other high density materials from a flow of lighter material. Air is pulled through an adjustable separation zone where the lighter fraction is pulled upwards to a cyclone material separator. The light fraction in the cyclone is separated from the air and drops through a rotary airlock to be discharged as \ldblquote accepts\rdblquote  for fuel. The reject fractions consisting of higher density materials are discharged from the separation chamber for further processing.\par
\par
ETA/ETE/ATI It is a highly efficient Dissolution Air Flotation (DAF) unit, open surface, provided with a circular tank. The Delta purge presents a two-step process, Dissolution Air flocculation and flotation, gathered into one. The floating and sediment sludge is transported by a fisherman paddle or spiral, situated on a bridge that turns the tank. Bottom scrapers remove any sediment, leading it to the collector of sediment, which is drained at regular intervals. Along with side scrapers, they keep the machine completely clean.\par
\par
\par
History\par
Musa Agro Qu\f0\'edmica Ltda.   Family company established in 1967 by Sady Ricardo dos Santos Filho and Muna Karam dos Santos.\par
\par
Dr. Sady Ricardo dos Santos Filho, Agronomist, official of the Ministry of Agriculture having 4 kids at that time, huge field experience in the interior cities of Paran\'e1 and Santa Catarina, deeply knowledgeable of the land needs, the climatic variables, atmospheric pressure and humidity. Due to the difficulties of keeping a big family with a regular salary as a government employee he created a product, an herbicide, which would be sold to municipalities and ports in order to get rid of the grass that grew among the pavement stones. This product, called \rdblquote Fitotox\rdblquote , was a great success in sales generating good resources for the company and for his family. After a while, the company entered the automotive business creating products such as car and motorcycle wax, furniture polish, tire shine spray and a cleaning product made of wax and liquid soap for gas station car washes. The car wax had a unique, amazing feature; it could be used with the car wet and made the vehicle waterproof for weeks because of the characteristics of the formula which merged pure carnauba wax from Bahia - Brazil, added to petroleum products, combining cleaning, waterproofing and brightness to the magic formula. Those were long years of marketing and competition with large multinationals. The mentor and manager Sady Ricardo dos Santos Filho, in the Ministry of agriculture, became general manager of sanitary and vigilance service of Paran\'e1 and later on became President of Empresa Brasileira de Pesquisa (Agriculture Research Center of Brazil). Due to all these responsibilities, he delegated the company management to his sons and went on to dedicate himself to projects related to the environment, which later would internalize into our company, in addition to the marketing of the products mentioned above.\par
\par
After that, in charge of his positions, he started to work with environmental projects, including the Satellite Center of Research to provide an adequate planting. He created the project and guided the first Brazilian waste management and sorting projects presented by his son to the city of Curitiba, teaching people to recycle and reuse oil containers. It is not possible to talk about the company\rquote s history without talking about the history of its CEO. Over the years, he has been working with contemporary guidelines, creating and directing us to form an innovative, ethic company and with the mission of providing an eco-friendly and sustainable world, using natural means, and thus not disturbing the ability of the planet as a healthy and living organism.\par
\par
Environmental Management\par
\ldblquote A project to the sustainable aiming for Arab Countries\rdblquote\par
\par
Considering the necessity of establishing the reorganization of a productive system in modern molds and within a focus of sustainability, it was developed by the ex-representative of the Estate Company EMBRAPA, Mr. Sady Ricardo dos Santos chairman of CEPEDA \f1\endash  (Research, Preservation and Environmental Development Center), the AGRO ECONOMICAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL MANAGEMENT PROGRAM BY SATELLITE.\par
\par
The program was computerized by INPE, registered at CREA e CONFEA and considered by EMBRAPA, INPE, CREA, AGRICULTURE MINISTRY and other governmental agencies connected to agriculture and environment in Brazil, as a new model to economic, environmental and agro industrial activities, capable of promoting the recuperation of the international economies with a sustainable development. It will become possible to increase production and productivity, to make it compatible to the reduction of environmental pollution by the use of agro toxic and fertilizers and consequently improving quality of life.\par
\par
The AGRO ECONOMICAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL MANAGEMENT PROGRAM BY SATELLITE should be developed in a Management Center, with high technology, located in the most developed areas of the Arab Countries and with all technicians highly specialized , in all segments connected to the agro environmental system of the Arab Countries, and in conditions to interconnect on the net to all the agencies related to the agriculture, cattle end environment already in existence.\par
\par
The CENTER that will work as an NASA, will count with the support of specialized technicians in the areas of agriculture, cattle, forests, health, desert lands, coastlines, environment and etc., as a whole and including staff highly qualified in computer technology specialy focused on the work to elaborate the satellite information All the areas of the Gulf Region will be tracked by Satellite, so that a true Territorial Inventory is elaborated through the crossing of information plans defined according to the characteristics and peculiarities of the areas of study, with the Diagnosis of each region. Within an enclosing level, all gathered data will approach the following information plans: Climatic/meteorological, earthly environments, geomorphologic, farming, geologic, oceanographic ally parameters, aquatic environments, energetic, agrarian, social economic, among others. All the areas that will be used to advantage with agricultural procedures, sandy or not, will be dimensioned, qualified and quantified. All the irrigation system from the sandy regions could be evaluated, in necessities and in volume of desalinated water as well as in evaluation of the possibilities for utilization of new regions.\par
\par
A fundamental chore to be considered with an excellent importance of modern technology utilization, of orbital satellite use, managed by the CENTER, it was the construction of new underground water channels, helping in this way to stimulate the agriculture as a program of combat to desertification, and the arborization that transformed the region in one of the greenest cities of the Arabic Peninsula.\par
\par
The city provided with great infrastructure: museums, universities, international airport, green lakes amongst the mountains, zoo, aquariums, amusement parks, camel racetrack, a variety of luxury hotels, resorts, golf fields, archaeological sites among others. The city is considered one of the greenest of the Arabia, due to its vegetation.\par
\par
The program carries through a true dynamical regional x-ray that by the Information Geographical System used in the Graphic Stations and high-resolution computers in the Center, can evaluate, plan and manage all agro environmental complex according to the vocations and potential of each region. In the specific action the program could classify the areas of study, qualifying and quantifying all the possible ways to use the ground such as: vegetation, cultural areas, water resources, human nesting\rquote s, cities, road mesh, railroads, natural and artificial forests, native and planted pastures, volume and quality of the aquatic environment, deserts and etc. This project has the goal of creating mechanisms so that administration of territories makes it possible to improve the quality of life of its population. For that, it is indispensable a real knowledge of the regions, considering its true potentialities and natural vocations, as well as the capacity to support the environment so that the human activities can be directed correctly.\par
\par
DIAGNOSIS\par
\par
Using modern technologies, by means of Work Stations (Work stations, SGI, Data Bank, CAD, etc.), distributed throughout the Gulf region, and with the Monitoring Center located in the convergence center of the Arab Countries, to survey information, through digital and visual processes of data interpretation, satellite images, (Geographic Systems, radar, etc), field tracking, research data, grounds, climate, cultures, cattle, eonomic conditions of the population and other representative regional factors\par
\par
The diagnosis will be done in the Graphic Stations of the Center by crossing data processing of satellite images and information according to the SGI (geografical Information Service) and the existence information about ground, climate and other representative regional factors, we will have in hands information plans that after being analyzed can furnish us the ways to planning and direct the activities agro, wild, shepherding, human nesting, agro industrial, water resources, biodiversity, forests, desert areas, oceanography, etc., in a spacial vision and local confirmation in the different worked areas. In the function of the regional reality diagnosis, a mapping of the entire farming and environmental system, by regions and counties, will be effected.\par
\par
In a SECOND MOMENT, after all the information plans are analyzed by the diagnosis and the farming, and environmental is complete, it will be necessary to define which farming explorations and agro industrial, with the use of advanced technologies and of satellites in orbit in the diverse ecological environments in the selected areas. It will be adjusted better to the different regions in function, therefore, its vocation and potentials of the different locations, that is, the places of the Arab Countries where different types of exploration will be really done, like wheat, rice, beans, corn, potato, flowers, forests and etc., the pasture areas in existence and other adequate to the development of cattle raising, milk farming, poultry keeping and others. After that is complete, a survey of the kinds of consumed products by the population will be done, the capacity of production of the regions of study, as well as the necessities of consumption of each region involved in the Program. This kind of evaluation will be developed for all the regions of the Gulf area, keeping always in mind, and this is importance, the viability and necessity of agro business for this products to other countries, or even the exportation to other regions of interest. This kind of program is called: ORIENTATED MARKET.\par
\par
ORIENTATED MARKET\par
\par
The Implantation of the agro industry as well as its production could also be dully predicted due to the possibilities of regional consumption and exportation viabilities to a national and international level. The AGRO ECONOMICAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL MANAGEMENT CENTER BY SATELLITE will be installed in the Center of best access and political, economical and scientifically importance in the Region and placed in the net of computers of all Agencies connected to the complex of Agencies in the areas of farming, economical, environmental and etc, in existence in the Arab Countries, in a way which all information, always updated, not only by the satellites but also by the regional priorities on the ground by the program, research and similar Agencies, as well as making possible, qualifying and quantifying the necessity of international priorities \endash  .\par
\par
Based on the regional diagnosis, the Center will be able to identify the problems of environmental impact, and orientate the Controllers to the ordering the process of director plans development to the selected places. That will be the rational way to prevent problems os inadequate utilization of the environmental patrimony.\par
\par
SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT\par
\par
When the environment is analyzed, normally the attention involves pratically the forests and in a second moment to the ground, water resources, air, food, and etc. However, the problems of environmental changes (erosion, springs, ciliary bushes, forests devastation, forest fires, problems with ground poisoning, air, water and etc), reach the totality of the ecological patrimony in a global way. There is a joint evaluation missing, integrating all human nestings, with researches inherent to the ecosystems, with data about climates, ground, cultures, cattle, forests, sea, deserted areas and etc.\par
A special attention must be given to the areas subject to low and high temperatures, frost, hail, floods, droughts or other actions of environmental impact, with pronounced influences about the environment and farming exploitations.\par
\par
The non-observance of this factors by the administrators, determines environmental degradation, with repercussions highly negative to all the production system, to the environment an quality of life. With the regional development control of farming and environment, all situations that involve the problematic of production and environmental defense could, not only be dimensioned, but also managed in full sustainable exploitations, being the biodiversity protected and dully evaluated and explored in its real values and benefits to the humanity. There will be adequate prevention and handling of all problematic of fires and droughts, and a control of Forest fires in farming areas and of pasture, so harmful to the complex of farming and environmental. The human nesting\rquote s will be controlled, managed, evaluated and protected. All agricultural production and cattle of the Arab Countries could be duly planned not only in function of regional vocations and potentials, but also mainly face to the orientation of market, even in the same set of the deserted areas or even with a planning directed to the preservation of the natural resources and sea genetics. With the implantation of a PROGRAM of this size, all complex of the regions and of the environment as a whole, could, for the first time, count on a system in conditions of planning and developing a new model of production and protection of the environment in a sustainable way. The entire Program will be managed by the CENTER in a continuous way and with a regularity of the satellites round about the globe by means of the Geographic Information Systems of the Workstations. All these actions propitiated by the program AGRO ECONOMICAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL MANAGEMENT, by satellite, can gradually transform the ARAB COUNTRIES in a powerful self-sustainable nation, with its people days of abundance and projecting a future with more health and consequently improving the quality of life of all noble Arabic population.\par
\par
Ind\f0\'edgenous\par
\par
The WBA is operating \u8203?with\u8203? the indigenous community in environmental management, assisting technically with preservation, elimination of ectopic cultivars to the region, namely, removing any plantation commercial reforestation, as well as crops that will somehow hurt the quality of the soil and the native environment.\par
\par
This partnership aspires to increase the demarcation to the natives with the consideration of the protection of borders, preventing deforestation, invasions, repaying fauna and stabilizing the flora in order to give the silvicula to your real function within society and your greatest contribution to protection and restoration of the environment.\par
\par
Stimulate the indigenous culture and above all, restore your preservation gen. This participation of the WBA is linked to satellite monitoring expertise, using your project mentor Sady Ricardo dos Santos Filho, mapping all the demarcated areas, selecting and identifying native plants by selecting and identifying cultivars Ectopic, planning the action of withdrawal of these cultivars, as soy plantations, pastures, pinus, eucalyptus, etc. Giving a target them and reverting the possible profit in financing the indigenous group itself, aparelhando and enabling the execution of the projects.\par
\par
The team for the implementation and orientation of these projects, with vast experience in the Amazon, will extend this knowledge to every region of Brazil, taking advantage of the leaders of more than a hundred Brazilian indigenous Nations, creating training by schools themselves for the function that they fit.\par
}
 